# Chronicle of an Impeachment Foretold? Exploring the Reasons Why Peruvians Want Castillo Out

In 2021, Peru had presidential elections. The results of the tense electoral process were an accurate snapshot of the polarized political landscape of the country. Amid accusations of fraud, the conservative left-wing candidate Pedro Castillo was declared the winner, with an advantage of less than 1% over Keiko Fujimori, the conservative right-wing candidate. With only half of the country having voted for him, it is not surprising that Castillo has had a rough time being president. On the contrary, some sectors of the Peruvian population has been expressing their desire for Castillo's impeachment ever since he was declared the winner of the electoral race. Some of these demands have been encouraged by a fear campaign which emphasized Castillo's communist ideology, capitalizing on Peru's traumatic past with left-wing guerrillas and the experiences of countries like Venezuela. Nevertheless, after his first semester in power, it is also likely that these claims are based on a discontent with Castillo's performance or other events in Peruvian politics. 

Given that the hopes for an impeachment is far from extinguished, this project aimed at exploring the main reasons why (some) Peruvians demand Pedro Castillo's impeachment. For this, the analysis will consist in identifying the most common topics raised by supporters of Castillo's impeachment, and assessing how present those topics are among those circles. Additionaly, given that a motion of impeachment was unexpectedly debated by the parliament when this project was being done, it will also include a comparison of the topic prevalence before and after the impeachment debate. 
